REVIEWERS: Review Platform
This project is a review platform where users can register, write reviews about different businesses, vote on useful reviews, and accumulate points to earn rewards. It also includes functionalities for administrators to manage users and businesses within the system.

Technologies Used
Node.js with Express: Framework for building the backend.
Prisma ORM: To manage the relational database (MySQL).
MySQL: Relational database used.
Bcrypt: For secure password handling (hashing).
Nodemailer: Sending confirmation emails for registrations.
SSH: Management of SSH keys for Git.
Git: Version control system.
Installation
Clone the repository:

bash
Copiar código
git clone https://github.com/Program0017/REVIEWERS.git
cd REVIEWERS
Install dependencies: Make sure you have Node.js installed, then run:

bash
Copiar código
npm install
Configure the database:

Ensure MySQL is running and set up your connection URL in your .env file:
bash
Copiar código
DATABASE_URL="mysql://user:password@localhost:3306/reviewers_db"
Migrate the database using Prisma:

bash
Copiar código
npx prisma migrate dev --name init
Generate seeds (optional): If you want to seed your database with initial data, create a seed file and run:

bash
Copiar código
npx prisma db seed
Usage
Start the server:

bash
Copiar código
npm start
API Endpoints:

POST /register: Register a new user.
GET /users: List all users (admin only).
POST /reviews: Submit a review for a business.
GET /businesses: List all businesses.
POST /votes: Vote on a review.
Features
User registration with unique username and email.
Password hashing for secure authentication.
Email confirmation for account activation.
Review submission for businesses with optional images.
Voting system for marking reviews as helpful or not.
Admin functionalities to manage users and businesses.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please create a pull request for any enhancements or bug fixes.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Contact
For inquiries, please contact us